gh-122586: itertools.count.(peek, consume) (#122588)
python/cpython: Doc/library/itertools.rst

   achieved by substituting multiplicative code such as: ``(start + step * i
   for i in count())``.

>    ``peek`` method of returned iterator object retrieves the current value of
>    a counter (that is to be returned from the next ``__next__`` call).
>    Also, ``consume`` method accepts *iterable* and increments the counter while
>    consuming the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use ``counter.peek()`` to get the current counter's value,
   namely the value returned by the next ``next(counter)`` call,
   and use ``counter.consume(iterable)`` to consume the *iterable*
   and advance the counter by the number of consumed items.
```
